Oh
ummm
but he still not coming?
but still (***) is right like thats (***)
ha ha ha
Wait, what did she teach
Oh, it's just like private. (***)
oh really
I've been hearing from Alyssa that he didn't talk to her.
chamber. Yeah. Like rehearsals too?
and Like during orchestra, I was classroom master in the last cycle, right?
So I have to be the one like telling him to move?
Because I cannot believe that he came just for the concert.
And then he stopped at Nathan's seat, right?
So like I had to like
And he was like talking back kind of and I
Believe it.  She's in the Boston.
I'm supposed to sit here. That's crazy.
it.
yeah (***)
Is he not double measuring?
ohhh
It's a minor. Oh. Nice.
That makes sense.
(***)
I have a.
wow
oh
yeah
ah
Oh yeah, it does come.
I'm learning a lot.